Filling the room up with over 300 balloons made it hard not to trip
Martha looked out to the horizon as dusk set in over the quiet island
She looked at the gold ring on her finger whilst sitting by the fire with a cat on her lap, his name was Sammy but she called him her ball of fluff
Harry made a copy of the grocery list, pineapple, salami, carrot, chocolate and ice cream, turmeric
It was last March when he set sail on the sea
As they drummed a rhythm on their laps that all sang the alphabet, except for Alex who was distracted by the passing cars
There's nothing his mum loved more than a good ghost story, said Caleb
The rumour was the ghost of the old sea captain had haunted the ship for 100 years or so
So my love, would you like to play catch?, asked Billi
Caleb looked down, there was a gold necklace on the floor of the taxi
Then, something touched her in the dark, maybe a ghost! It was actually a balloon. She felt like a bozo
Brodie and Lisa were so in love. They drove down the final road and finally reached the seaside inn, where they got out of the car
Alana was five years old, her favourite things were singing the alphabet and playing with her yo-yo
For his birthday he didn't want a cake, he wanted a big pile of jelly in the shape of a star, said Raj
Everywhere she looked the road was empty, but in the distance she saw lots of stars and an emu
Amanda picked up one of the encyclopedias, but this was far too early in the alphabet. This began with pictures of dogs, but she wanted to read about the monster known as Cthulhu
It was just about time for the bread to come out of the oven
Look at the shooting star, mum
Virginia had played piano for years and decided to give flute a go
Alana's room was filled with floating balloons, in all shapes and sizes, stars, numbers and nearly every letter of the alphabet. It was going be a great party, thought Phillip
Far into the distance, at the end of the road, was a barn
Quinn was the youngest sister, and got annoyed when her brothers laughed and teased her for playing with her doll Amelia
Muttley appeared in the lowly dusk lit backyard. It sniffed the grocery bag, a carrot and chocolate bar rolled out scaring the little dog we now call Kippa
It was the last day of school and everyone was excited for the holidays
Hanna was the oldest sister. Her younger siblings would always copy Hanna
Jack had eaten so many carrots, he couldn't handle any more. I'm going to be sick
Mark looked around, raised his hood and ducked between the trees. And down the dusky path we did follow
Carrot soup, that's what I'd like to make
Mark emerged on the dusky road, and wondered where he had been
Sierra had a gold bell around her neck. she spent her days looking out the window looking over the sea birds
Deeply breathing the air, I noticed the candle had a beautiful smell
Going to a picnic by the sea side, fish and chips is what she ate
Settling the cat by her side, she thought about how the seeker had caught the golden snitch
Greta tried to copy the rhythm on her drums, but she lost the beat
It was a long road but they were nearly home
Entranced, he stared at the idol. The paint was as red as fire, thought Samuel
They were pleased that for the Halloween party they had found some very scary ghost balloons!
Lilly drove down the road, but dared not to go any faster
Gary sat there and drummed out a beat to little baby Levi
Was the photocopier out of toner or drum, asked Cedric
Engulfing flames burnt the secret documents quickly
However, the cake was as big as a drum and was covered in chocolate icing, and we ate it very quick
Zoltan loved music so he had always danced
Hot fudge chocolate icing is what I'd like to make
